Software Licence Agreement

A. Met Office of FitzRoy Road, Exeter EX1 3PB is the Licensor

1. Licence.

The Met Office grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable Licence to use 
the Cloud Simulator software ("the Software") accompanying this License. 

2. General Restrictions.

The Software includes source code, object code, scripts, user interface, 
know-how, copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary materials 
that are protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty 
provisions. You may not let, lease, sublicense, distribute, copy, reproduce, 
assign, share, sell, electronically transfer the Software over a network to 
another computer or otherwise transfer the right to use it without the 
express permission of the Met Office.

3. Purpose.

The Software is provided to you solely for research on Earth observation and 
cloud feedback purposes and must not be used commercially.

4. Ownership.

The ownership of and title to the Software and any supporting documentation 
shall remain at all times with the copyright British Crown, the Met Office 
or its licensor. The Software and documentation are provided to you to allow 
you to exercise your rights under this Licence, which is granted to you.

5. Duration. 

This licence will remain in effect until terminated. 

6. Termination.

You may terminate this license at any time by returning the Software and 
related documentation to the Met Office. This License will terminate 
immediately without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of the 
provisions of this License or you are given notice that the license has 
terminated. Upon termination you must return the Software and any related 
documentation.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty

THE MET OFFICE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND PROMISES, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY 
AND FIT FOR THE PURPOSE. NEITHER DOES THE MET OFFICE MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS
AS TO COMPATABILITY WITH YOUR OPERATING SYSTEMS AND PLATFORMS.

In no event does the Met Office warrant that the Software or related 
documentation will satisfy your requirements, that the Software and 
documentation will be without errors or defects or that the operation of the 
Software will be uninterrupted.

IN NO EVENT WILL THE MET OFFICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS DATA OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE MET OFFICE 
HAS BEEN SPECIFICALLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

8. Upgrades.

The Met Office reserves the right from time to time to make changes and 
upgrades to the Software which on request will be provided to you under the 
same terms set out herein.

9. Entire Agreement.

This License constitutes the entire agreement between us with respect to your 
rights or warranties for using the Software and related documentation. If any 
provision of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable the 
remaining provisions shall continue in full force.

10. Governing Law.

This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of 
England and Wales. 

